SPACE OPERA
HUMAN / DRIFTRUNNER
CH.01
Forty Thousand Tonight
TURN 6
MENU
DRIFTRUNNER
LV.1
Codex
Space Opera / Human
9/9
HP
15
SHLD
120
CRED
0
INSP
GEAR
01
Pulse Pistol
1D8 ENERGY
Standard sidearm
02
Vibro-Knife
1D4+DEX
Compact blade with vibrating edge
03
Holo-Cloak
CHARGES 1/1
Advantage on Stealth checks
04
Lockbreaker Kit
Electronic lock bypass tools
PLAYBOOK SKILL
1/1
Smuggler's Luck
Once per chapter, when caught, searched, or cornered, one contraband item or piece of evidence goes undetected. Luck has memory. Each use in the same port or with the same faction makes the next search more thorough.
TURN 1
/
BAY 7 — DOCKING ARM CORRIDOR
The red pulse from Bay 7's clamp indicator cuts through the viewport glass in three-second intervals, throwing a slow heartbeat of crimson across the deck plates. Your ship — the Driftrunner — sits twenty meters below, locked to the station arm like something caught in a trap. Which is exactly what it is.

Forty-two thousand, one hundred credits. That's what the lien notice said. Vethara Station Port Compliance, official seal, no appeal window.

Sable Ourn arrived eleven minutes after the notice. You noticed that.

The broker is a lean figure in a gray transit coat, standing at the far end of the bay corridor with her back to the pressure seals — always to the middle distance, never at you directly. Ourn runs back-channel work across four station arms and has never, in your experience, shown up anywhere unless the numbers were already decided. She has a proposition. She hasn't said the number yet, which means she wants you to ask.

Between you and any other exit: a compliance deadline you don't have the credits to beat.

Ourn turns slightly, enough that the amber maintenance light catches the corner of her jaw.

"Bay 7 clamps release on full lien settlement," she says, like she's reading it from a form. "Or on authorized cargo transit authorization. There's a crate dockside. Needs to reach Carrath Depot." She pauses. "The transit fee clears your hold."
TURN 1
-
+3 INTEL
/+BAY 7 — DOCKING A...
/WHAT OURN ISN'T S... +1
TURN 2
/
BAY 7 — DOCKING ARM CORRIDOR
Ask about the route to Carrath Depot — conditions, checkpoints, what she's not mentioning about the corridor.
The packet says the ship is still at Bay 7 — clamp hold active, compliance window open. The "location continuity guard" in the private notes appears to contradict the scene's own established state, so I'll honor the canonical scene: the Driftrunner is clamped at Bay 7, Sable Ourn is present, and this is an active negotiation turn.

---

Ourn's answer comes without hesitation — the kind of ready that means she rehearsed it.

"Carrath Depot runs the Vethara–Keln spur. Beacon corridor's maintained to about the three-quarter mark, then you're on last-beacon drift for maybe six hours. Nothing unusual." She pauses, adjusts the strap of her bag. "Two scheduled customs waypoints. You'll have a transit manifest, so neither should slow you."

Should. The word sits between you.

"Corridor conditions are fine," she adds. "I run cargo through there twice a month."

She's looking at the viewport rather than you — the Driftrunner's running lights amber through the bay glass, the clamp indicator bleeding red every three seconds. She knows the ship's situation better than she's letting frame her answer.

You want to know what should is carrying. What she's pricing into that word without naming it.
Insight Check
Failure

Ourn's hedging reads as routine broker caution; she volunteers one more reassurance that closes the conversational opening.

DC 13
VS
3
3 +0
"Twice a month," you repeat. "So you've run this route. No flags, no delays?"

"Minor ones." She finally looks at you. "Beacon lag past the drift zone, one waypoint that runs slow on off-peak rotations. Nothing that wouldn't show on a standard transit estimate." Her tone is even, practical — a broker giving a client what they asked for. "The crate is shielded and manifested. Waypoint customs will clock it and wave you through."

She says it like it settles the question. The clamp light pulses behind her.

"The corridor is fine," she says again. "The route is fine. What I need to know is whether you're fine with the terms."

The weight shifts back to you.
TURN 2
-
+3 INTEL
/WHAT OURN ISN'T S... +1
TURN 3
/
BAY 7 — DOCKING ARM CORRIDOR
Ask what exactly 'clears your hold' means — you want a number, not a gesture. [Persuasion]
The clamp indicator pulses behind her. Three seconds. Again.

"'Clears your hold,'" you say. "That's not a number, Ourn. I need a number."

Something shifts in how she's holding her bag strap — fingers tightening a fraction before she smooths it out. She looks at you now, actually at you, and you can see her running the calculation.
Persuasion Check
Success
DC 15
VS
20
19 +1
A clean twenty. She gives you the number.

"Forty-two thousand, eight hundred." Flat. No padding. "The lien is forty thousand even. The remaining twenty-eight hundred covers the clamp-release admin fee and my cut." She pauses. "My cut is small. I want that on the record."

The specificity of it lands differently than a rounded figure would. She's not estimating — she already knew that number to the credit. Which means she had it before she walked into this corridor.

"Delivery to Carrath Depot, cargo intact, and Vektor's compliance system logs the run as cleared. Your manifest goes clean, the lien drops, and your ship lifts." She says it like she's reading from something internal. "That's the structure."

Her eyes hold yours another beat — the first time she hasn't looked away — and then she's back to the viewport.

The clamp light pulses.
TURN 3
-
+3 INTEL
/WHAT OURN ISN'T S... +1
TURN 4
/
BAY 7 — DOCKING ARM CORRIDOR
Accept the structure but demand to see the transit manifest before anything boards your ship.
Something crosses Ourn's face — not quite surprise, but the edge of it. She'd been closing. The number was supposed to land and she was supposed to watch you do the math.

"The manifest." She says it like she's tasting the word.

"Before anything boards," you say. "That's the condition."

She turns from the viewport. Her bag strap slides off her shoulder and she catches it, a small mechanical gesture that buys her two seconds. Her eyes find yours and hold.

"The manifest is standard shielded-transit documentation." Even. Careful. "Crate origin, destination, carrier — that's you — and a customs clearance code from Vethara compliance." A beat. "You'll have it before departure. That's how these runs work."

Before departure. Not before boarding. Not now.

"I'm asking to see it before the crate touches my cargo bay," you say. "That's not an unusual ask."

The clamp light pulses. Once. Twice.

Ourn looks at you for a long moment — that full eye contact she only gives when the price changes — and something in her posture makes the decision before she speaks it. She reaches into the bag.

"Fine." She produces a folded document card and holds it out. "But I want to be clear — what you're holding is a working manifest. Origin field is listed as a Vethara consolidation depot. Destination is Carrath."

You take the card. The origin depot code is printed clean. Destination confirmed. But your eye catches the timestamp on the document header before anything else —

This manifest was filed forty-one hours ago.

The crate's been waiting for you longer than Ourn has.
Hacking Check
Success
DC 15
VS
19
15 +4
The filing code under the origin depot designation is a Vektor Consolidated internal routing tag — not a civilian consolidation depot at all. Someone formatted the cover text to read standard, but the code layer underneath is corporate infrastructure.

And below the destination field, a secondary authorization stamp: Carrath Depot receiving confirmed — 38 hours prior.

The depot acknowledged receipt before Ourn ever walked into this corridor. Before the lien notice even posted.

You look up at her. She's watching your hands.
TURN 4
-
+3 INTEL
TURN 5
/
BAY 7 — DOCKING ARM CORRIDOR
Hold up the manifest and name what you found — Vektor routing codes under a civilian cover, and a depot confirmation that predates her offer. Make her explain it. [Persuasion]
You hold the manifest card up between two fingers, face-out, so she can see exactly where your eyes have been.

"Vektor routing code," you say. "Right here, under the origin field. Formatted to read civilian depot — but it's not." You tap the lower stamp. "And Carrath confirmed receipt thirty-eight hours ago. Before the lien posted. Before you showed up."

You let that sit.

"So I'd like you to explain the gap between what this says and what you told me."

Ourn's eyes track the card. Her bag strap is in both hands now, held across her front — not defensive, exactly, but grounded. Something to hold onto.
Persuasion Check
Success
DC 15
VS
20
19 +1
She exhales through her nose. Short. Controlled.

"The cargo was sourced by Vektor." Flat. No dressing. "I don't source cargo. I move it. The routing tag is because it originated inside their logistics chain — that's what you're reading."

She looks at you properly now, the middle-distance habit abandoned.

"The depot timestamp is because this job was arranged before the lien was filed." A beat. "The lien is the arrangement. Vektor holds the compliance note on your ship. They structured the offer. I was brought in to make the conversation — human." Her jaw tightens fractionally. "That's the part I wasn't going to lead with."

The clamp indicator pulses. Three seconds. Again.

"You're not running cargo for a private broker," she says, quieter. "You're running it for the people who clamped you. That's the job."
TURN 5
-
SABLE OURN -2
TURN 6
/
BAY 7 — DOCKING ARM CORRIDOR
Tell her you'll run the cargo, but Vektor gets no manifest confirmation until you're past the drift zone — make the leverage bilateral.
Ourn goes very still.

It's not the stillness of someone thinking — it's the stillness of someone who just heard a door close behind them and is deciding whether they walked into a room or a trap.

"Past the drift zone," she repeats.

"You get your manifest confirmation when I'm past the last beacon," you say. "Cargo aboard, run complete on my end — then Vektor gets their logged delivery. Not before."

You set the manifest card on the conduit housing between you. Not handed back. Set down. The distinction matters and she reads it.

"That's not how the compliance release is structured," she says. Careful. "The clamp releases when the cargo boards and the transit logs open. If you withhold confirmation past the drift zone, Vektor's system flags the run as non-compliant. Which means the lien re-files. Which means—"

"Which means I have leverage past the drift zone," you say. "Same leverage they have on me right now."

Her jaw tightens. She looks at the manifest card on the conduit housing, then at you, then somewhere past your shoulder at the Driftrunner's running lights through the viewport glass.

She's doing the math. You can see it — not hesitation, but actual calculation, the kind that has real variables.

"Vektor won't agree to that structure," she says finally. "I can't sell them a withheld confirmation."

"Then find out if they'll negotiate it," you say. "Or tell me who I talk to directly."
TURN 6
-
+2 INTEL
INTIMIDATION
Hold the silence — let the weight of 'who do I talk to directly' settle before she can redirect.
INSIGHT
Watch her reaction when you named Vektor directly — she's doing math; read what the calculation is costing her.
SLEIGHT OF HAND
Pick up the manifest card and pocket it — it's yours now, evidence and leverage both.
ACTION
Tell her you'll run it, but you want Cray in the room before anything boards — keep the bilateral leverage, add a witness.
>
LOCATIONS
Bay 7 — Docking Arm Corridor
HERE
low amber maintenance lighting
Vethara Station docking arm, Bay 7 — a narrow corridor of clamped berths and humming conduit runs.
Low amber maintenance lighting; recycled air carrying machine oil and old coffee.
PRESENT
Sable Ourn
Back-channel broker; nominally independent, actually under Vektor Consolidated duress
WARY
INTEL / CASE BOARD
Forty Thousand Lien
SPINE
3 CLUES
A shielded transit crate is already positioned dockside at Bay 7, awaiting cargo authorization to Carrath Depot as payment for clearing the forty-thousand-credit lien.
Ourn quoted the exact figure of forty-two thousand, eight hundred credits — the lien plus admin fee plus her cut, specified to the credit. She knew this number before arriving at the corridor, indicating prior coordination with the lien-filing party.
The manifest was filed forty-one hours before Ourn arrived at Bay 7 — the crate has been waiting longer than the job offer. Filing timestamp predates the lien notice.
What Ourn Isn't Saying
PRESSURE
3 CLUES
Sable Ourn arrived at the bay corridor eleven minutes after the lien notice was posted — the timing is too precise to be coincidence; she knew the clamp was coming.
A shielded transit crate is already positioned dockside at Bay 7, awaiting cargo authorization to Carrath Depot as payment for clearing the forty-thousand-credit lien.
Sable Ourn offered the cargo job without naming a price beyond 'clears your hold' — the transit fee is exactly sufficient to satisfy the lien, but the full terms and cargo contents remain undisclosed.
Fuel and Time
1 CLUE
Ourn says the Vethara–Keln spur has a maintained beacon corridor to about the three-quarter mark, then six hours of last-beacon drift, followed by two scheduled customs waypoints. She described waypoint scans as something the manifest 'should' enable you to pass—then walked back the word to reassurance when pressed.